# Interview with Microsoft

These are notes and questions for an interview I had with Microsoft on 8/7/2020 for a position under James Phillips org (Dynamics, Power Platform, Logic Apps, etc.).

## Attendees

| Attendee     | Title          |
| ------------ | -------------- |
| Rajya Bhaiya | Hiring Manager |

## Things of note

- 7 open reqs
  - .NET, ARM, React, Azure
- Rajya was an author on multiple books about Microsoft Dynamics 10 years ago
- MS Dynamics is a CRM
- Power apps
  - Power BI - comparable to Tableau
  - Power Automate - (SaaS) offering similar to Automation Anywhere
    - Build on Logic Apps
    - Targeted at business users
    - whereas, Logic Apps is targeted at developers
  - Power Agents - chatbots

## Interview Questions

These questions serve as a jump-off point to facilitate discussion, not quick yes/no answers.

### What do I want

- Maintain and grow technical depth, specifically in Azure
- Sense of permanence, attachment and ownership

- CrossBridge -

  - product and technology ownership
  - lack of funds

- Prime Tech - Not given autonomy to build my team and lead project as expected
- Ally - Joined to help former colleagues, upcoming re-org
  - got scared for job safety
  - was just another cog in the wheel

### Position / Project

- What are we trying to do here?
- Describe history of project
  - Business idea
  - Development approach and time
  - Feedback loops?
- Describe the position and expectations
- Describe qualities needed to be successful in this position
- How many open positions are
  - Seven
- What is a typical day on your team
- If remote - how much of a negative is it that I would be a remote employee?
  - Expected hours?
- What happens after the project is finished?
- 30, 60, year goals? KPIs?
- How does this product make money for MS?

### Team

- Describe proposed makeup of team
- Describe the culture of your org

### Personal

- What is your role on this project, and at Microsoft?
- Can you explain your leadership style?
- How do you feel your work/life balance is?
- Do you feel recognized and appreciated?
- Do you feel that you have the power to influence change?

### Process

- Defined, audited or enforced SDLC?
  - Peer review
  - Automated testing
  - Gated releases
- Describe the process of a feature from a business idea through release
- Are there product owners? Who are they?
- Sprints? Kanban?

### Work/Life Balance

- Flextime
- Travel
- Any on-call needs
- Frequency of crunch time scenarios

### Final

- Next steps / describe remaining interview process

### Notes

Cloud for Healthcare
Go Live: 10/31/2020

3 vendors by november

Next phase -

- Target potential customers

Rajya,

I spent time with Jesse Squire over the weekend to acquire some insight into the leveling at Microsoft. The levels I see most applicable to my initial and early employment with Microsoft would be 63 and 64.

My high level understanding of the two is such that level 63 performance evaluations are weighted in favor of direct contributions with less weight for influence / leading, whereas level 64s are weighted more evenly in both areas.

With close to 20 years of experience in the roles of individal contributor, tech lead and people management, I believe I will be successful at both levels, and beyond them in the future. Due to the nature of the project timeline along with realistic acclimation to Microsoft expectations and culture, I feel it's in our mutual best interests for me to join at level 63.

Joining at this level will allow me to put all of my focus on building and delivering the project. I will eventually lead and influence others in our sphere, as I often do, but it will come about naturally, as opposed to being something I'm consciously attempting to do and refine if I were to come in at 64.

I do thank you once again for your time last week, and I look forward to next steps and working together.

Thanks,
Chris

Driving - and pushing others.

63 sets me up to success immediately
