# Interview with Microsoft

These are notes and questions for an interview I had with Microsoft on 8/31/2020 for a position under James Phillips org (Dynamics, Power Platform, Logic Apps, etc.). This interview is the first _official_ interview for this role. There are two more interviews with L65+ and the AA on 9/1/2020.

## Attendees

| Attendee     | Title          |
| ------------ | -------------- |
| Rajya Bhaiya | Hiring Manager |

## Questions

### Position

- Is this role still for the Cloud for Healthcare team?
- Is projected team size still 5
- Has the team been selected
  - Is the makeup still calling for 1-2 juniors, 1-2 seniors and a lead or manager?

### Cloud for Healthcare

#### General questions

- Is Cloud for Healthcare built on top of the Healthcare Accelerator?

  - Install for accelerator is multi-step complexity

- How long does it take for vendors to install the 90 page guide now?

- Does Microsoft do any of the implementations now?
- How many instances are in production now?
- What has the relationship been like with the vendors who have done the implementations?

- Can you tell me more about the proposed architecture for the installation package? How does React fit in?

cross experiences
common components between

## Thoughts on approach to automating installation

- Identify the core list of things to be installed
- Identify the optional things to be installed
- Identify relationships/dependencies between core and optional
- Identify how to determine success/failure deterministically
- Retries .... how do you know what is transient versus when to say that forward progress isn't being made?

### More granular

- Read guide front to back
- Watch existing demo or screencast of someone performing the installation, or ask for demo of at least one step
- Identify if there is any a la carte options, or is each installation the whole enchilada
- Identify if there is any differences in installing for existing customer that may have some of the pieces already, vs a brand new customer without resources
- Identify if the guide is specific to versions of each 'piece', or if the entire thing can be considered one version
- Identify do we need to support promoting the system through environments?

- Break installation into small steps, small tasks
  - Isolate tasks that can be reusable
- Identify silo steps that can be done independently, or concurrently
- Identify steps that require sequential installation
- Identify the 'hardest' step in document, tackle that first if possible, using same steps as above

- Modular approach to installation so steps can be feature flagged / future proof, or to support a la carte

fhir pq
health-architectures
