# Interview Questions

A set of base interview questions that I'll ask at various stages of an interviewing process. These questions serve as a jump-off point to facilitate discussion, not quick yes/no answers.

## 8/11/2022 Tracy Lee Interview

Staff aug / consulting / app dev

50 people
eng - tech lead - ic
tpm - lead on projects

130-150: 4% 401k matching
room for growth: potential bonus

## 8/15/2022 Rob Ocel Interview

NC - 4 years
Mentorship

## Process

code review, iterative/milestone development, Kanban
https://pamstack.com/
tracking time
starter.dev

do they take on .net gigs, what is the backend

- SDLC?
  - Gated releases
- Describe the process of a feature from a business idea through release




- performance
- what about bob?
- how much time in meetings?




## Position

- Describe the position and expectations
- Describe qualities needed to be successful in this position
- What is a typical day on your team
- 30, 60, year goals? KPIs?

## Teams

- Describe makeup of Teams
- Describe the culture of the teams

## Work/Life Balance

- Flextime
- Travel
- Frequency of crunch time scenarios
- Base vacation / PTO days
- On call after hours / weekend support

## Tools / Hardware

- Laptop - purchase and maintain on own? Or provided and maintained by org?

## Support System

- In house learning?
- Budget for conferences?
- Budget for online training?

## ceo

- a few things for how to be successful in this role
- work / life balance
- typical project engagement time
- oppportunity to be on or lead project teams at once
- typical tensure of one of your consultants
- client acquisition
- 1099 vs fte
- rates

## Final

- Next steps / describe remaining interview process

## what do differently

- graphql isntead to meet more requirements
- async state management - vue-query, or the new tanstack-query
