# Microsoft

## Azure SDK for Cosmos DB Team

Hello, I'm Chris - thanks for taking some time out of your day to read this cover letter, resume and application.

Why am I excited to work at Glitch? Can I just reference your "/careers" page as a blanket answer? :) No? Ok - how about this: Software engineering is evolving at a quicker pace than ever before, and in different ways. Long gone are the good ole glory days of secretive and mystical arcane knowledge, treasured books with earmarks throughout, and gate keeping. The snowball effect the last few years has rolled in inclusion, transparency, knowledge sharing, open sourcing (even by Microsoft!), and embraced a community mindset. What Stack Overflow did for the community back in the day (and continues to do today) was transformational, and at the time unheard of. What Glitch is doing for the community now is also transformational and I think will leave just as big an impact as SO, if not bigger. I want to be part of that transformation and impact. I want to empower others, of all skill sets and experience levels, to bring things life the way I have been doing for 20 years now. I want to help make it easier for them to do these things, on their own or with friends, or with strangers on the other side of the world. Your platform can allow me to do that.

I'm a generalist developer with many moons of experience, who is still curious and not afraid of veering off-course to learn new things (or fix old things). I've dabbled in the modern front-end space the last few years, with most of my experience in VueJS and Angular. Most of my career though, I've been a member of the "full-stack" camp - vanilla JS/CSS/HTML5 with .NET or NodeJS backends, well as some sprinkles of Django/Python. I'm a strong advocate for embracing devops and building tools to help make our lives as developers easier. I've also participated in the design, implementation and oversight of SDLCs. Finally, I've been successful as an individual contributor as well as a people manager (Manager's Path really helped me there!). The most important personal value I try to live my life by is Giving Back through mentorship, leading by example, and being there for others as needed.
