# Interview Questions

A set of base interview questions that I'll ask at various stages of an interviewing process. These questions serve as a jump-off point to facilitate discussion, not quick yes/no answers.

## 8/18/2022 Rich Naylor Interview

IGNW - senior consulting, IoC, cicd
Cloud native, api driven, modern software ->

- 25 people - react node
- 50 java / .net - from sirius computing - general manager is kevin > wall comes down 10/1/2022
- 200 india
- react node
- .net team -alot of expansion
- java team

- no cross pollination

- perfect system, good ideas > better ideas

## Position

- Describe the position and expectations
- Describe qualities needed to be successful in this position
- How many open positions are
- What is a typical day on your team
- 30, 60, year goals? KPIs?
- Opportunity to bounce around to other positions/teams?
- If remote - how much of a negative is it that I would be a remote employee?

## Team

- Describe makeup of team
- Describe the culture of the team

## Personal

- Can you explain your leadership style?
- Do you enjoy working here?
- How do you feel your work/life balance is?
- Do you feel recognized and appreciated?
- Do you feel that you have the power to influence change?

## Process

- Defined, audited or enforced SDLC?
  - Peer review
  - Automated testing
  - Gated releases
- Describe the process of a feature from a business idea through release
- Are there product owners? Who are they?
- Sprints? Kanban?

## Tools / Hardware

- If Microsoft stack - MSDN subscription?
- Cloud? Which?
- Laptop - purchase and maintain on own? Or provided and maintained by IT department?

## Support System

- In house learning?
- Budget for conferences?
- Budget for online training?
- If corporate America - Centers of Excellence? Architecture Group? Readily available SMEs for help?

## Work/Life Balance

- Flextime
- Travel
- Frequency of crunch time scenarios
- Base vacation / PTO days
- On call after hours / weekend support

## Final

- Next steps / describe remaining interview process
