# Interview with Microsoft

These are notes adn questions for an interview I had with Microsoft on 8/7/2020 for a position under James Phillips org (Dynamics, Power Platform, Logic Apps, etc.).

## Attendees -

| Attendee     | Title          |
| ------------ | -------------- |
| Rajya Bhaiya | Hiring Manager |

## Things of note

- 7 open reqs
  - .NET, ARM, React, Azure
- Rajya was an author on multiple books about Microsoft Dynamics 10 years ago
- MS Dynamics is a CRM
- Power apps
  - Power BI - comparable to Tableau
  - Power Automate - similar to Automation Anywhere
  - Power Agents - chatbots

## Interview Questions

These questions serve as a jump-off point to facilitate discussion, not quick yes/no answers.

### Position / Project

- What are we trying to do here?
- Describe history of project
  - Business idea
  - Development approach and time
  - Feedback loops?
- Describe the position and expectations
- Describe qualities needed to be successful in this position
- How many open positions are
  - Seven
- What is a typical day on your team
- If remote - how much of a negative is it that I would be a remote employee?
- What happens after the project is finished?
- 30, 60, year goals? KPIs?

### Team

- Describe proposed makeup of team
- Describe the culture of your org

### Personal

- What is your role on this project, and at Microsoft?
- Can you explain your leadership style?
- How do you feel your work/life balance is?
- Do you feel recognized and appreciated?
- Do you feel that you have the power to influence change?

### Process

- Defined, audited or enforced SDLC?
  - Peer review
  - Automated testing
  - Gated releases
- Describe the process of a feature from a business idea through release
- Are there product owners? Who are they?
- Sprints? Kanban?

### Work/Life Balance

- Flextime
- Travel
- Frequency of crunch time scenarios

### Final

- Next steps / describe remaining interview process
